From Hansel minutes.com. It's Hansel
minutes. Oh, weekly discussion with
web developer and technologists. Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number three 85. Recorded
live Thursday, August 8th, 2013. Support for
Hansel minutes is provided by
Tellerik offering the best in
developer tools and support online@telerikdotcomandbyfranklins.net
Baker's of gesture pack a
powerful gesture, recording and recognition
system for Microsoft connect for
windows developers details. Add gesture,
PA k.com. In this episode,
Scott talks with Fred Krueger
creator of Kalka a powerful
symbol calculator that gives you
instant answers as you type.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hansel minutes. And on the
phone I've got Frank Krueger
who just wrote an application
called Kalka a symbolic calculator
for a iPad and it
appears to be blowing up.
Congratulations, Frank. Thank you, Scott.
Yeah, it's been out for
just four weeks and it's
surpassed my expectations. Thank you.
That's amazing. You, you got
fireball fireball when John Uber
runs during fireball likes you
apparently. Yeah, and I got
fireballs while on an airplane,
so it was quite fantastic
when I landed my phone
was just full of messages
and my friends yelling, laughing
at me, all sorts of
things. It was quite exciting.
And this is a big
deal. I mean, did your,
did your site go down
as fireball, like the modern
slash dotting or did anything
tip over break or did
you just like get a
bunch of money? I don't
think there are a host
of years, but I use
Squarespace and I've heard that
they automatically adapt to that
kind of stuff. I don't
think the site went down,
definitely posted more traffic than
I've ever gotten before. I
definitely had the best sales
day I've ever had before.
Yeah, it was just a
great day. So daring, well
during fireballs is especially important
to me because I did
write this application with the
Mac community in mind. And
so it's just been really
gratifying that they've caught on
and seen the app. So
I'm quite proud of that
fact. So it is a
kind of a reimagining of
the calculator. It's, it's a
text editor, it's a math
environment. It's a solver, it's
a spreadsheet. I mean, is
that, those are all kinds
of words for things that
we understand to describe something
new. Yeah. And that, that
was the problem I had
when I was originally trying
to write its description. I
was just comparing it against
a million other applications because
it is, it's a conglomeration
of what were desperate apps
and to just one thing.
So yeah, it started as
a text editor because I'm
a programmer and I spend
my life inside of texts,
editors, and I'm very comfortable
in there, but I just
wanted a more, I wanted
a text editor with all
the freedom of like sublime
text, but I wanted some
of the features of IDs
because our IDs are really
powerful these days. And then
I wanted a math engine,
simple as that. I was
getting tired of using Google
and well from alpha. And
so I thought, well, what
would happen if you just
combined all of these into
one app and Kalka is
what happened? I'm not a
math person. So I'll just
have to plead ignorance right
off the bat, but is
what is Mathematica and how
does it relate to things
like that? Because isn't Mathematica
the math environment for all.
I would say it's the
premiere math environment for all.
It's a fantastic piece of
software. I think developed for
all of eternity. I think
it's ageless at this point.
It's, it's what all the
professional and academics use when
they're doing hard computations. Do
you, do you have some
large integral that you want
to actually get a numerical
value or sorry, not a
numerical value, but you actually
want to solve an integral,
find a close form solution
for it. It, it, it
handles tremendous amounts of things
all around the mathematics community.
Sometimes though it's a little
frustrating to more engineering types
like myself, because it's very
literal. If you ask it
to take the derivative of
an impulse function, it'll give
you some funny, funny answers,
things that you don't even
learn in engineering school, because
it's such a smart, intelligent
math program. So I wanted
some features from it, definitely
like the ability to solve
algebraic equations, that kind of
thing. But I did not
need all the other power
of Mathematica and I couldn't
afford all the other power
of Mathematica. I love that
you, you couldn't afford all
of the pay for mathematics
as you wrote your own.
I mean, that's Yeah. I
mean, we're programmers, right? What
else do you do? No
big deal. I have to
say though, I think that
you're better at math than
maybe you give yourself credit
for. I was looking at
a discussion of your tool
via of blog here, and
I believe this was a
quote from you where you
say one day it came
time for me to write
that Jacobian of a system
of six functions, each wall
involving the quaternary and of
six different variables. And at
that point, my brain exploded.
You know, I remember writing
that sentence and being like,
Oh, I must sound like
such a jerk, but that
was, that was literally what
I was doing because I'm,
well, let me break it
down since you don't, since
you don't know these words,
cause they're actually very simple
words. A quaternions is, it's
like a complex number, but
it's, it's three-dimensional complex number.
So all the complex numbers
we normally deal with are
actually one dimensional. This is
a three dimensional complex number
and we use it to
represent rotations. And so what
I was saying there was,
I needed a way to
represent my orientation, my rotation
in a math program. And
I used big words for
that. It's it's, it's actually
real simple. I was working
on an augmented reality visualizer
kind of thing, and I
needed to align the camera,
my virtual camera with the
real camera and to do
that, I needed a Jacoby
in of quaternions. That's pretty
awesome. I guess the limits
of my math ability, there
would be you would want
like a vector in three
dimensional space. That would be
good. The problem with using
vectors is that imagine, imagine
your normal game camera. So
we're playing a video game
and we have a camera.
So it has a position
in space and it has
an orientation. So that's six
degrees of freedom. Now, when
you use vectors to represent
three dimensional information, you, you
generally use four vectors, so
12 values. So you have
three, Oh, sorry, six extra
pieces, six extra degrees of
freedom. That really cause you
troubles. When you're trying to
do the kind of work
I'm doing. So I needed
a more refined way to
represent 3d information and quaternions
provide that. I see. So
Did I just be around
a bunch of vectors and
then consider them all related
to each other? Just because
I decided that they're related,
but at Jacobian matrix is
exactly what this is needed.
What's needed for this. Yeah.
It it's, it's more like
you don't want to over
specify the problem. You don't
want to. Over-engineer the problem
you want. You want to
have the unknowns that are
really unknown and everything else
is known. You carry around
this baggage in your head
knowing that the direction right.
Is different from the direction
up. But the computer doesn't
know that you have to
tell it right. And up
are different and that's extra
information. That's a constraint on
the degrees of freedom. Okay.
So coming back down to
community college math, I'm so
sorry that that was no,
no, I think this is
awesome. I, it makes me
when I retire, I'm going
to go back to math
class, but looking at the
website at Calca  dot
IO, you use an example
that would make more sense.
I think, to the average
Joe, where you have like
a fixed rate mortgage and
it looks like you're writing
Mark down here. Yeah. Yeah.
We forgot to throw that
in and into our kitchen
sink of what this thing
does. Yeah. So I, when,
when I was writing calc,
I was obviously doing calculations
in it, but I found
that I was writing a
lot of notes to myself
in programming. We would just
leave comments or something. And
I thought, well, I'm in
a text editor and Mark Downs
really popular. What would happen
if I mixed a text
editing annotations with calculations and
there there's a little pre
prior work in this regard,
canoe, Donald Knuth, he, he
invented a style programming called
literate programming. Have you seen
that before Scott? It's, it's
really neat where you actually
integrate. I'm not going to
do it justice, but it's
a literate as an descriptive
description of your program. So
you don't have just your
code. You have all the
annotations either. I suggest people
go look up literate programming
to see what it is.
Right. Well, but he knew
thought that it would be
a way to express a
program where the logic of
the program and English and
macros and comments would all
be part of a larger,
a larger program. So you'd
think about you'd think and
the program would come out
of the way you thought.
Yeah, there'd be ordinary human
language. And the program would
be part of the overall
essay. Yeah. And it was
an overall narration. So he
would change the order of
a program to make the
narrative better, the description of
the program better. And then
his program would, his stuff
would compile his documents and
rearrange the program so that
the compiler would be happy.
So he wrote the programs
from a human perspective and
then wrote a tool to
make the compiler happy. Right.
Right. Which is interesting because
if we look at your
example with the fixed rate
mortgage on your homepage, this
looks like a word document,
but it also looks like
a word document with an
embedded spreadsheet. So then think
about the skills that would
be required for, you know,
my mom or my dad
to sit down and ask
themselves this question, which is
easy to ask the question,
but then combined word and
Excel, and Lord knows what
else into some kind of
larger report and then express
that that's a lot of
concepts just to go and
figure out something like a
mortgage, which makes you realize
it. They want to start
writing on paper at this
point. And I've definitely had
requests for just a much
larger standard library because yeah,
some people just want to
calculate this stupid mortgage or
the standard deviation or something
like that. They don't want
to have to define the
standard deviation. Yeah. And honestly,
so that's a constant struggle
I'm having of balancing the
two of having something powerful
enough where you can define
your own operations, but I
still provide you enough baked
in baked in support. I
mean, this even goes back
to us talking about that
earlier success of the application.
I remember going to breakfast
with a bunch of friends
before it's released and being
miserable. Essentially. I had convinced
myself that no one was
going to like this application
because I had realized this
fundamental mistake I made with
it, where I was asking
so much of people. So
I'm asking you to define
calculations, perform calculations, annotate your
document. I'm asking so much
that I'd basically given up
hope, but anyone would, would
tolerate all that kind of
work. But it turns out
I was kind of wrong
and we are living in
a very technically literate society
right now. People are very
uncomfortable on the web. We
have more programmers than I
think we know what to
do with. And so I
think just in general, the
technical literacy of people is
going up and they're able
to tolerate more programs Like
this, especially thanks to Excel.
So let's walk through it.
I sit down and I
run Calca and then what?
Well, unfortunately right now you're
given a blank document, just
like any good text editor.
My, my favorite example is
you type two plus two.
And then this funny symbol
that I, I would say
I invented, but I think
you already named it. You
call it the Anders symbol
Or a rocket ship. I
think some people call it,
Oh, Rocky Chip. Yeah. I've
heard other descriptions of it
too. I it's the equal
sign followed by the greater
sign. I call it therefore
it's there for in my
head. So you type two
plus two, therefore, and it,
what that operator does is
it takes everything to its
left and tries to give
you the simplest form of
it. So in, in its
case, it decided that two
plus two is best represented
by the number four. And
that's actually how the code
works. It's not sitting there
and saying, Oh, you know,
these are two numbers. It's
just trying to find a
very simple representation. So if
I had a bug in
there, it might one day
decide that two plus two
is actually fine. So anyway,
that's one line of code
or code or calculation or
something. And then maybe on
the next line, you can
just start creating variables a
equals 42. And then on
the next line, you could
say, well, Y equals a
plus 12, and now you
have, you've defined a function.
You've defined a variable, you've
done some calculations and you
just keep going along. And
every so often just dropping
in this therefore operator and
just seeing what it outputs
and more times than not,
you kind of just get
a feel for how it
works. And you're able to
quickly proceed from there and
solve real problems. That's awesome.
So I've, I've got my
two plus two and all
that written out. I just
wrote two plus two, therefore,
and then just four appeared.
And it has like a
background around it, like a
gray background indicating that that's
a field that's been calculated.
Yep. That's exactly what it
is. So here's your first
public feature request. I clicked
the little sharing button at
the bottom and now I
want to print it out.
Yes, you can't. I don't
see. I see. Copy. I
see messaged mail, Twitter and
Facebook. This is a problem
with me using iOS seven.
Okay. It'll be there soon.
I promise It does work
though. Maybe, maybe I'm on
iOS seven, too IOS. Oh,
okay. Well that's, that's really
interesting. iOS has introduced a
new feature where back in
the day, we all had
to write our own sharing
features. So if you want
to print, you had to
write print. If you wanted
to share it on Twitter,
you had to write that
the operating system now is
trying to take care of
more of that stuff for
us. And so what you
do nowadays is you bundle
it all up into a
bunch of data, give it
like mime types and hand
it to a thing. And
that thing is supposed to
pick the appropriate ways to
output the file. And I
know it looks like it's
not. Yeah. So I'll have
to definitely take a look
at that. Okay. Well, I
apologize for calling you out.
Oh no, that's fun. It's
all I've been doing for
the last four weeks is
justifying decisions. That's awesome. So
talk to me about how
you wrote it though. What
is this written in? Yeah,
so this is a hundred
percent C-sharp application. I wrote
it in Xamarin studio, the
IDE on the Macintosh, I'm
using Xamarin iOS, all targeting
iOS. Actually, no, I take
that back. I started out
on iOS 10. I started
out on the Mac because
that's where I actually needed
the application. So I started
using Xamarin dot Mac and
wrote out pretty much the
entire application as an OS
10 app, and then ported
it over to iOS. When
I realized that I actually
did want to look at
some of the stuff while
I was being mobile. So
you started on the desktop
in C-sharp writing for your
Mac. You're a Mac person.
You're an iPad person. You're
an iPhone person. You didn't
have a windows machine involved
this at any point. I
do have a windows machine
involved now, but in the
beginning, no, I, I use
a windows machine a couple
times a month. Yeah. Wow.
Okay. But you, but you
do your stuff in C
sharp. That's that's interesting. Yeah.
It's, it's a little weird,
huh? I guess. Well, the
thing is, I, I, I'm
a windows programmer by history.
My, my first big programs
when I got serious about
programming were giant C plus
plus things and MFC, I
love the win 32 API.
I love the anti kernel.
I grew to like WinForms.
And that, that was my
world. I loved windows, but
then the iPhone came out
and I found something else
that I loved even more.
And so I ended up
switching to Mac. And so
I do have a strong
history and windows. And that's
definitely why I was interested
in C-sharp when Xamarin came
out with it. So when
you wrote this, I know
that when you write C-sharp
on a Mac or an
iPhone, you, you write the
UI part. What minimal UI
you have, although you do
have a custom keyboard, you
write that UI part, using
the tools that is native
to the application. So you're
writing, you know, what a
P list or whatever the
Mac thing is that represents
a UI. You're not writing
it in WPF. You're not
writing it in windfall. When
you think of PLS, when
you think of Mac, I
think that's really funny actually.
Does that make me old?
Did I use that wrong?
No, no. You use it
a hundred percent correct? It's
it's, it's just, you know,
it's, it's their form of
XML. It's it's every everything
can be done in a
Pew list. Why would you
need anything else? Well, that's
the funny thing about a
man. I tease people about
max, but I've got two
or three in the house
here, but I've decided that
Macintoshes are basically three things.
They are P lists that
make PNGs that are wrapped
around shell strips. So like,
it's this amazing, beautiful thing,
but it's all just held
together with just . Well,
you know, there's a lot
of PDF files in there
too nowadays, since that is
true, actually they've upgraded here.
So I'm sorry. I took
us off That's okay. Did
you make the UI specific?
Like, is it like model
view controller, and then there
is there some I'm kind
of imagining like Calca dot
Corp. That's like innovative and
I called it a Calcutta
lib. It's called Copa lib,
not calc a core I've
I've changed my naming scheme.
Yeah. You, you nailed it
though. That's that's exactly what
you do. So this is
a a hundred percent cocoa
application. Coco is the overriding
name for the frameworks on
Mac, more specifically, it's an
app kit application kit. That's
another library that they have.
And specific to that, it's
a document based application CA
app. So for windows programmers
out there, it's exactly like
MFC, NSC. Yeah. Microsoft foundation
class yet in that it
provides you a lot. Like
it gives you a template
for a document based application.
So you can say file
new project in X code
or Xamarin studio. And out
comes this it's, it's a
blank white window, but it's
all set for file operations,
undo, buffers, all that stuff.
The application kit gives you
just a bucket of tools
by default. And so it's
really easy to write desktop
applications in it almost just
like it was easy to
write MFC apps back in
the day. So it's a
great place to start. Whenever
you have a new idea,
it's just a great place
to start. It's actually easier
to write apps in C
sharp on a Mac than
it is to write them
in straight objective C. Oh
yeah. And if you think
that'd be interesting to have
it like to have there
be a race. Oh, racing's
terrible res racing's a bad
idea, but there are definite
performance improve. Geez, can't use
that word. Productivity improvements C
sharps or product T C
sharp is a productivity language.
Simple as that, it was
designed to make programmers lives
better. And C was designed
to make compilers and operating
systems better. Not humans. Now
objective C objective C has
definitely grown, but you know,
as I said, with Java,
just having a garbage collector
solves so many problems. So
it's not just the language.
It's the.net runtime too. So
I have a garbage collector
reflection, all these powerful things
from around time. I have
this crazy powerful programming language,
which in some ways it's
a tiny bit long in
the tooth, but in other
ways is leading the pack
and features like the await
keyword recently introduced, puts every
other language, every, every other
language to shame that they
don't have a feature that
powerful. So there are just
some parts of C sharp
that I absolutely adore and
would be miserable having not
having, I mean, from time,
from time to time, I
do actually do Perl programming
on the side. And so
it's, it's fun to live
in the two universes that
are so diametrically opposite, but
yeah, started out as a
C sharp app because I
love that platform. So that
means then if there's a
Calca lib than our Calca
core, then you have a
windows version coming like you
would have to. Cause you
have to prove that you
can write once run anywhere
Of course, and deep, dark
secret. I even know of
a financial institution who has
a bunch of people using
Calca for windows In a
month. This happened. Yeah. And
well, honestly that version took
three hours. I sat down
and, you know, I wrote
a WinForms app. You can
make fun of me in
a moment. I went forms
app, you know, it gives
you buttons and dialog boxes,
and that's about it. So
you have to build up
a document architecture. It's not
like MSC, it's not like
app kit. So you have
to build a real, you
have to, you know, create
the file menu file, open
file, save, handle collisions, all
that stuff. You have to
do all that manually. So
I would say I spent
about two hours and 59
minutes working on that. And
then one minute porting the
engine over to windows and
then it just worked seriously.
You just come recompiled fixed
one hour. And that was
it. Yeah. I use the.net
4.5 feature in the core
of the engine. And I
was targeting dotnet at three
five. So I just rewrote
that one line of code.
And that was that. It's
funny that on the version
of.net I'm using on iOS
is farther along than the
one I'm going to release
on iOS, you know, on,
on for iOS, we were
using.net 4.5, but I'm shooting
for 3.5 for windows. Right?
Really. So you're actually shooting
for a larger audience. You're
going to use an older
version of.net. So as to
work anywhere. Yeah, that's it.
I want the single executable
in a zip file deployment
strategy. I just know a
lot of people stuck in
corporate environments where really just
can't run installers. They can't
do this or that. So
everything that this application needs,
needs to be in that
exe or already on the
system. So on really low
targets, zero dependencies, that kind
of executable is what I'm
shooting for. So if someone
already has done it three,
three, five, that it'll just
work. What about all those
wait, keywords and things? Well,
you know, that's, so I
avoided the await keyword in
the core library. So the
awake key word is it's,
it's, it's a miracle for
user interface work, but it's
not strictly necessary when you're
doing library type work. And
in some cases it's not
even good to use when
you're creating libraries. Yeah. So
it, it just, fortunately the
way I coded it, it
never made its way into
the core lib. That's actually
an interesting point. If one
is going to make something
that has a UI and
a core lib that they
really should be thinking about
what the strongest, but lowest
common denominator Could be. Yeah.
Yeah. Well, this isn't the
first step I've poured it
across platform. So I kind
of had some lessons learned
or been burnt by the
fire or whatever you want
to say for prior decision.
So I had low expectations
and just shop for the
low expectations. Interesting. So if
you have an iPhone, iPad
and Mac in each of
those gets you a store,
but rather than windows eight
store, which would be one
less thing to worry about,
you're doing an app that
will run out of a
zip file. How will you
sell that is PayPal. Yeah.
Gosh. Yeah. It's it's well,
it's going to be Stripe.
I think that that's, that's,
that's been the biggest problem.
Scott of releasing apps for
windows. Is there a lack
of having a store for
desktop apps? So the only
in case your listeners don't
know that your only options
are right when our T
app, and then you can
be on the store. If
you write a desktop app,
well, you can still have
your icon on the store,
but it, it redirects to
your website. So you have
to do all the commerce
stuff. And absolutely, I do
not want to run a
commerce website. And so I've
always held off from releasing
windows versions of my apps,
but I've just decided that
I have to bite the
bullet and just do it
Interesting. So for the, because
of corporate America and all
the XP machines and different
people in finance that you
want to support windows eight
is an option. Yeah. When
does it's? No, no, I
won't say windows eight is
not an option because I
would love to port to
it. But the man, I,
I have to sound like
a business jerk for a
minute. The numbers just aren't
there. The market's just not
there. It's not worth my
effort. Yeah. Interesting, interesting. When
you have so many versions
on so many platforms, how
are you, how are you
all of this? Like what
if you found something about
four and then you suddenly
had to release iPad, iPhone,
iPod, Mac windows, et cetera,
et cetera. Yeah. That, that's
probably the hardest problem. So
let's, let's start with, how
do I test it? Because
I think that's kind of
interesting for an application like
this. This is the first
app that I wrote with
kind of a test first
mindset. And so this is
probably my best tested application.
I have many thousands of
unit tests that have runs,
so that's good. I pretty
much detect errors in the
engine, the core lib instantaneously.
So that just leaves UI
bugs to hash out. So
yeah, if you're on three
different platforms, generally that's three
different UI code bases that
you have to maintain each
with its own unique set
of problems and features and
bug lists and all of
that. So that's a tricky,
that's not tricky. It's just
a lot of work to
maintain those UI. So you're
constantly looking to share more
and more code as you
possibly can between them. And
then you ask the question
about releasing well, that's where
I've made big mistakes in
the past, where I've allowed
different platforms to get out
of sync with each other.
And this is the frustrating
part. It's never because of
the core engine or the
core library. Those, those, that
guy, port's just fine. And
he's easy to update. It's
always the UI just decays
false behind like say I
write a very fascinating new
visualization on iOS. Well, if
I took advantage of a
lot of iOS specific features
to make that performance or
whatever, then I have to
back port that to all
the other platforms. And that's
a lot of work. So
coming up with intelligent solutions
to those kinds of problems
is very high on my
priority list. And then I'm
releasing is just about developing
a discipline to say that
when I release one, I
should release all three. And
I'm just, I'm personally working
to develop that discipline. Yeah.
It really is an issue
of discipline though. Isn't it?
Oh, that's, that's all it
is. That's all any of
this stuff. It's just, it's
so easy for me to
release an iOS version and
allow the Mac version to
decay or something like that.
It's so easy, But are
you just one person working
on it? Yeah. Yeah. One
person design engineering, product support,
marketing sales. Yep. It's fun.
No pressure. No, no, no
worries. Well, that's amazing. Yeah.
Thank you. Appreciate it. Like
I said, it's just discipline
and some weeks you're better.
Other weeks you're worse. You
just try to keep your
average nice and high. No,
there's there's another app on
Mac. I don't know. I
think they just came out
an iPhone iPad called solver
solver with a, yeah. So
you L it looks more
like a spreadsheet without a
grid Mia. Sure. Okay. But,
but, but it has the
same kind of, you know,
open-ended do what you want.
W how would you describe,
how would you describe the
difference between Calca and solver
for people who may be
familiar already with solver? So
I'll say straight off the
bat that I was a
prolific solver user before I
had Kalka in a lot
of ways, it was deficiencies
in solver that inspired me
to make Kalka. So, as
a comparison, they're both update
calculations as you type. So
as you change number the
rest of the sheet, or
document wonder, whatever you want
to call, it gets updated.
It's very pretty, it's still
prettier than Calca. In my
opinion, I got to work
on my styling. It's got
a lot of built in
stuff, currency, conversion, functions, all
of that. But in the
end, the application is it's,
it's a lot like running
just a Python interpreter, or
I guess Java script as
if you just brought up
node and just started typing
some node commands. So you
type two plus two hit
enter, and it gives you
the number four. It's not
good at doing, or it
doesn't even try to do
symbolic manipulation. That is, it
can't handle equations with unknowns.
So if I say, well,
this Y equals M times
X plus B. It's not
going to do anything until
I tell it what M
what X and what B
R. Whereas Calca just, if
you don't define them, it
just treats them as symbols.
And it just carries them
on through all the calculations.
And so what I, the,
the contrast between solver and
Calca is primarily there where
this is a symbolic calculator,
not just a calculator. Okay.
I noticed that right on
the homepage. You've got this
back tick in front of
some numbers that is like,
surrounded. Like, it's not a
single quote. That's not my
fault. That's John Gruber's. What
does that mean? Because I
can't find that button on
my keyboard. It's up there.
It's in the upper left,
it's called back quote or
tick. I tend to call
it tick. Where did it
come from? What does it
mean though? It says I'm
looking to buy. What it
actually means Is, is you're,
you're, you're stuck in a
paragraph of text and you
want to call out something
as being code or referencing
a calculation, something that does
something, not just texts that
sits there. And you use
the Bactec to put you
basically in a code environment,
it means code. So anyone
who's ever written like a
law tech or tech document
knows that you put dollar
signs around symbols. This is
basically those dollar signs. You're
okay. So it's limiting in
HTML. It's pretty, it's pretty.
Yes. That's exactly what it
is. It's pre your code,
Looking at code. I'm running
Calca on my iPhone and
I don't have that button.
You do. It's it's, it's
hidden. You have to hold
it. You have to hold
the quote button. Yeah, I
got it. There, hold down
single quote, and then it
pops out and then it
gives me four other kinds
of quotes that I could
pick. And I picked that.
Not ideal. Yeah. I, I
give a keyboard accessory on
iOS, but I still need
to even do more improvements
for making the keyboard easier
to use on iOS. Well,
considering How, I mean, you've
added an extra two rows
of keyboard. There's not much
more room. I don't think
I'm doing a lot of
calculations on a phone. I
think that for me, the
killer app for this is
the iPad. I mean, I'm
going to show this to
my wife and she's going
to freak out. This is
going to be awesome. She's
a, she has an MBA
and she's into business and
finance and she's going to
love it. Oh yeah. There
you go. Yeah. Accountants. That's
what I want you to
know when I was writing
it. I was thinking of
programmers and engineers, but I
was totally blind accountants, obviously,
accountants. They love this thing.
No, I literally A copy
of this to my finance
guy who still has like
an old Reverse Polish calculator.
Yeah, sure, sure. Yeah. It's
it's funny. You bring up
RPN. Yeah. We, we, we
got advanced the state of
the art, right. RPN is
so 1970s. Well, yeah. So
as my accountant, I'm afraid.
Okay. Well, I tweeted this
just now, when people are
saying they want the windows
version, so get it, get
on that. Yeah. Yeah. I'm
working on it. So we
could go into technology, reasons
of why that's actually going
slow if you ever care.
But I see where we're,
I've already talked a lot,
but no, this is Brian.
I'm fighting with 32 right
now. Yeah, I would, I
would love to see in
the, in the future, if
you haven't already started doing
it on your blog, you
know, more discussion about kind
of how, how you made
it and some of the
issues around writing apps for
any platform. I think that's
a really interesting idea. And
some of the things that
you've learned about targeting four
or five different things with
core with one core engine
is amazing. Yeah. We're, we're
slowly building up this knowledge
base of how to go
about this correctly. A bunch
of guys in Samran are
starting to get a feel
for it. There's a few
people like me, John Lipski,
others who are been putting
programs around, we are starting
to develop decent patterns for
this practice and well, and
then there's the block. Gosh,
I didn't know how long
it takes to write a
blog entry. How do you
do it, man? Yeah, it
takes awhile. It's a problem.
But actually I need to,
you know, when I write
a lot of blog posts
and I say to myself,
it's time for me to
write more, more code. So
you, you oscillate back and
forth. Yeah. I feel like
I need a good half
day to write a blog
post or at least A
day. I don't know. It's
a lot of code though.
You're not writing if you're
writing a blog post. Yeah.
Yeah. Sometimes you can get
the blog post code into
your major code base. I've
tried that trick a few
times. Well, I really appreciate
you chatting with me today,
Frank. I really appreciate you
having me. It's been a
long time ambition of mine
to get to be on
your podcast. So thank you
very much for having me.
Absolutely. My pleasure folks can
check out. calca@calc.io. It's a
minutes and we'll see you
again next week.